**Project**: Fent Detector with Scanning Mechanism: A rapid, nonintrusive detection tool for public use.       
**Purpose**: Develop an Advanced Detection Technology for Fentanyl & a DB for Related Analytics. 
**Proposal**: A Healthcare IT-based scanner that can detect fentanyl in an entire pill - rather than using a test-strip that is only able to provide results for the portion of the pill being tested. Often when testing illicit narcotics for fentanyl, the person will use a test-strip and perform it on only one pill out of their entire supply or a portion of one pill. Given the high possibility that 1 out of 99 pills could contain fent, or alternatively when testing a 1/2 of a single pill - 1/2 could test negative for fent, while the other half tests positive, it is impossible to provide 100% accurate results without testing the entirety of ones supply. Hence, the use of test-strips often only yeild partial results - as it doesn't make financial sense for suppliers or users of illicit narcotics to use test-strips on their entire supply. 

Thus, the use of an advanced detection technology that is able to scan and detect fent in an entire pill or an entire batch would provide a more safe and accurate means of testing illicit drugs than the use of test-strips. While the results may be the same, this technology would illiminate the need to test pills individually or portions of a single pill - which is unsafe due to the potential presence of fent and partial results accrued through current testing methods.    
